I was going on it's Mike from the minor
racing slash of a racing we're
here today is trying to play off a
little bit for Street Wars as you can
see several bar 8:24 cool all motor sort
of have packaged simple pretty much it I
swear today cut the car mean the car way
at last year the theme that was 2015
sleek skinnies door to semi five
I mean the cars go consistently level
fifties is good it's on the money
I just wanna coach wanted to be it's a
little faster a little bit so humble
this year's I want to get into the 1900s
not crazy and we still a street part
that of the day I still drive it to a
back room track when you still pump gas
it's as simple as motor not crazy
oh yeah I'm just cutting it back a
little bit I mean from Timor I'm cutting
it up for me it's the man behind the
plate
watch it that we are so streak are done
of the day why do people cut their car
to the extreme very much we just want to
go fast
I mean it's cheaper way out I'm not
spending four or five six thousand
dollars on your motor from stock wait
what's the light as you've seen these
cars go down to I mean I've seen in EEG
matches stop cars 120 100 pounds yeah
like at Lego hats right yeah 100 I mean
I've Percy no people with matches were
like a simple be Surrey set up an airway
like eighteen seventeen hundred pounds
those numbers that's with the drive
minute the driver didn't yet goddamn
yeah nice late harvest nice power
driving it and where they going like low
luggage ready to buy they Lowell Evans
all depends man oh now these other words
you take it's 270 horsepower you go
intend to the Late Show so we need out
is
[Music]
you